18/12/23, 1:50 PM - Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one outside of this chat, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them. Tap to learn more.
12/9/23, 1:51 PM - ~ Mr Gurvinder - Career Counselor created group "Notulu 2K23SEP1289R"
18/12/23, 1:50 PM - You joined using this group's invite link
12/1/24, 5:24 PM - Kirti Edoofa: Good afternoon Parents and Notulu,

I trust this message finds you in good health. As we step into the second week of January, I wanted to reach out and share an exciting milestone that India as a country achieved within the first week of 2024 - the successful India's Chandrayaan-3 Engine Test.
12/1/24, 5:24 PM - Kirti Edoofa: This accomplishment is responsible for the third lunar mission, aiming to land a rover on the Moon's south polar region and conduct scientific studies that could check Moon's viability to sustain life. It signifies a significant scientific advancement, laying the groundwork for future progress.
12/1/24, 5:24 PM - Kirti Edoofa: This achievement has not only pushed boundaries but also inspired young minds all over the world to pursue their dreams. On the same note, I wanted to extend my heartiest wishes for the New Year to you and your family and check in to see how you and your family started your year?
16/1/24, 12:08 PM - Kirti Edoofa: Good Morning Parents and Proud Edoofians,

I trust this message finds you well, and I hope you are in high spirits. In recent days, our team has been actively engaging with students who aspire to join the university for the academic intake of August 2024. It has been truly heartening to witness the joy and enthusiasm expressed by some students upon receiving their A-Level results.

As I reflect on my school days, the memories of result days come rushing back - the blend of excitement and anticipation that surrounds such an important moment. It is a significant juncture that shapes the path course for one's academic journey.
16/1/24, 12:08 PM - Kirti Edoofa: We understand that you, too, must be experiencing a similar mix of emotions as you would have checked your A-Level results by now and would be wondering about the steps you are supposed to undertake for your university admission and your higher education. 

For us to guide you through, could you please share your A-Level results so that we can add them to your scholarship application, discuss them with the academic board, and guide you the way further?
22/1/24, 9:58 AM - Shubham Edoofa: Good Day, Notulu
*I am Mr Shubham, Senior Career Counsellor at Edoofa*
I hope you all are doing well

If you recall, I hosted your counselling and evaluation sessions, and you made me proud by qualifying for our prestigious Edoofa Scholarship Program. I received results from all my students, happy and exhilarating with joy. 
Recalling our interaction after a frantic search for your name I ended up messaging you today.
22/1/24, 7:38 PM - Shubham Edoofa: <Media omitted>
23/1/24, 8:25 AM - Shubham Edoofa: Good Morning Everyone, 

*"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall."*

*When you step into this day realize that you have immense opportunities! All you need to do is give your best to grab it.*

With all positive energy, I am here to continue our interactive session.
23/1/24, 6:53 PM - Shubham Edoofa: I see you have gone through my messages earlier but did not respond back, *please If there is something that is concerning you because of which you are not Proceeding ahead with your process, then I would request you to come forward and address the same with me here in the group so that I can provide you with a solution to cater to your issues and guide you with your admissions procedures.*

Since my working hours for the day are over now, *I have therefore scheduled your session for 09:30 AM CAT tomorrow*

God Bless you,
Have a great day ahead!
