29/12/23, 8:59 AM - Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one outside of this chat, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them. Tap to learn more.
17/11/22, 11:58 AM - Piiyush Edoofa created group "Tawananyasha 2K22NOV1839"
29/12/23, 8:59 AM - Harmehak Edoofa added you
6/1/24, 1:20 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: Good Afternoon, Parents of Tawananyasha,

I am *Mr. Shivjeet, and I serve as the Admission Officer at Edoofa.* I wanted to extend my heartfelt wishes to you and your family for a prosperous and fulfilling 2024. 

I firmly believe that with the commencement of this new year, comes the promise of fresh beginnings, guiding the way for the actualization of one's deepest dreams and aspirations. As we stand on the threshold of this promising year, I am filled with excitement for the adventures it holds.
6/1/24, 1:20 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: In the same spirit, I would like to share that I am embarking on a journey as I prepare myself to pursue my doctorate and take a step forward in my academic pursuits. This transition marks a significant chapter in my life as I will be bidding farewell to the cherished moments at the Admissions Team in Edoofa.

Over the past year, having the privilege of supporting numerous students, including you, in your pursuit of higher education has been truly rewarding. Witnessing our students thrive and excel in their dream universities and colleges has brought immense satisfaction.
6/1/24, 1:20 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: The decision to transition to a new phase in my life presents an incredible opportunity for me to continue contributing to the lives of students, ensuring their academic journey and overall experience remain enriched and fulfilling.

As I embark on this new journey, I want to assure you that I have entrusted your application file to capable hands. From this point forward, your admission journey will be seamlessly guided by one of our accomplished admission officers, *Ms. Siddhi,* who will connect with you on Tuesday.  I hope you will make yourself available for further procedures and will give your best to your career.
6/1/24, 1:20 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: I extend my heartfelt wishes for your continued success and a bright future filled with educational accomplishments. Wish you all the best, and God Bless.

Regards,
Mr. Shiveet
Edoofa Admission Team.
11/1/24, 4:20 PM - Sidhi Edoofa: Good Afternoon Parents and Tawananyasha,

I am *Ms. Siddhi Singh, Admission Officer at Edoofa* and I am honoured to assume the responsibilities previously held by Mr. Shivjeet. I will be guiding you toward realising your dream education with Edoofa. I am confident that together, we can ensure a promising start to your educational journey, leading to the right employment opportunities and ultimately, success for you and your family.
11/1/24, 4:20 PM - Sidhi Edoofa: This message was deleted
11/1/24, 4:21 PM - Sidhi Edoofa: In the past few days, I had an in-depth discussion with Mr. Shivjeet and had the opportunity to review your scholarship application file in our records. Through this process, I gained valuable insights into your dreams and aspirations to advance your academic career. Upon reviewing your application file, I was both impressed and reassured to assist you in achieving these goals here in India, which will unlock doors to incredible opportunities in the future.
11/1/24, 4:21 PM - Sidhi Edoofa: Before we get into the specifics of your admission journey and talk about your admission process, I would like to share an exciting milestone that India as a country achieved within the first week of 2024 – the successful *India's Chandrayaan-3 Engine Test.* This accomplishment is responsible for the third lunar mission, aiming to land a rover on the Moon's south polar region and conduct scientific studies that could check Moon's viability to sustain life. It signifies a significant scientific advancement, laying the groundwork for future progress.
11/1/24, 4:21 PM - Sidhi Edoofa: This achievement has not only pushed boundaries but also has inspired young minds all over the world to pursue their dreams. On the same note, I wanted to extend my heartiest wishes for the New Year to you and your family and check in to see how you and your family started your year?
11/1/24, 6:39 PM - +263 77 276 2571: May the year be a season of prosperity to you too. Sure we will be communicating with you soon

Regards
13/1/24, 1:11 PM - Sidhi Edoofa: A new year brings forth a multitude of possibilities and fresh opportunities for growth and self-discovery. Though the new year itself may not bring immediate transformation, it marks a symbolic turning point, a chance to reflect and set new goals for ourselves. This year, I have decided to practise more compassion, learn at least one new skill, and assist students who were unable to proceed further with their admission process in 2023, guiding them to build their envisioned future.

May I ask what changes or additions you have decided to make in the year 2024?
16/1/24, 8:00 PM - Sidhi Edoofa: Good Evening Parents and Tawananyasha,

I trust this message finds you well, and I hope you are in high spirits. I was hoping to get a response from your end following my previous messages. However, in recent days, our team has been actively engaging with students who aspire to join the university for the academic intake of August 2024. It has been truly heartening to witness the joy and enthusiasm expressed by some students upon receiving their A-Level results.

As I reflect on my school days, the memories of result days come rushing back - the blend of excitement and anticipation that surrounds such an important moment. It is a significant juncture that shapes the path course for one's academic journey.
16/1/24, 8:00 PM - Sidhi Edoofa: We understand that you, too, must be experiencing a similar mix of emotions as you would have checked your A-Level results by now and would be wondering about the steps you are supposed to undertake for your university admission and your higher education. 

For us to guide you through, could you please share your A-Level results so that we can add them to your scholarship application, discuss them with the academic board, and guide you the way further?
16/1/24, 8:09 PM - +263 71 366 5068: <Media omitted>
16/1/24, 8:10 PM - +263 71 366 5068: Well I'm saddened to announce that I won't be continuing with the scholarship application. Any inconveniences caused are sincerely regretted
17/1/24, 9:25 PM - Sidhi Edoofa: Good Evening Parents and Tawananyasha.

Thank you for sharing your results, and congratulations on successfully clearing all your A-Level subjects! Your hard work over the past few months has truly paid off.

I am sure your family is immensely proud of your achievements. Your A-level results have been duly noted, and we will quickly add them to your scholarship application. This will enable us to engage in discussions with the academic board and chart the best course of action for your next steps.
22/1/24, 1:11 PM - Harmehak Edoofa added Shubham Edoofa
22/1/24, 1:11 PM - Harmehak Edoofa: Good Day, Tawananyasha 
*I am Ms Harmehak, Senior Career Counsellor at Edoofa*
I hope you all are doing well

If you recall, I hosted your counselling and evaluation sessions, and you made me proud by qualifying for our prestigious Edoofa Scholarship Program. I received results from all my students, happy and exhilarating with joy. Recalling our interaction, I remembered that during our session you portrayed an enormous potential of becoming a leader of tomorrow. Hence I have asked my Colleague *Mr Shubham, Senior Academician* to personally look after your admission process so that we can proceed with your application on priority. 

Hence I request you to come online and continue with your admission procedures.
22/1/24, 7:40 PM - Shubham Edoofa: <Media omitted>
23/1/24, 8:27 AM - Shubham Edoofa: Good Morning Everyone, 

*"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall."*

*When you step into this day realize that you have immense opportunities! All you need to do is give your best to grab it.*

With all positive energy, I am here to continue our interactive session.
23/1/24, 6:53 PM - Shubham Edoofa: I see you have gone through my messages earlier but did not respond back, *please If there is something that is concerning you because of which you are not Proceeding ahead with your process, then I would request you to come forward and address the same with me here in the group so that I can provide you with a solution to cater to your issues and guide you with your admissions procedures.*

Since my working hours for the day are over now, *I have therefore scheduled your session for 09:30 AM CAT tomorrow*

God Bless you,
Have a great day ahead!
