18/12/23, 1:53 PM - Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one outside of this chat, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them. Tap to learn more.
9/10/22, 10:23 AM - ~ Austin created group "Tafadzwa 2K22SEP2492"
18/12/23, 1:53 PM - You joined using this group's invite link
20/12/23, 3:58 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: Good Evening, dear parents and Tafadzwa.
20/12/23, 3:58 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: I hope you are doing well and blessed today. Please excuse me for the late reply. I was occupied with a university official today. May I know if you are available to proceed with our session?
21/12/23, 6:12 AM - +263 71 800 7202: Greetings to you kind sir. My apologies.... We are nolonger able to take on this edoofa program. Reasons being the financial status of the family so you may now cancel her name so you may not waste time on her anymore. We agreed as a family. We are sorry about that
6/1/24, 1:28 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: Good Afternoon, Parents of Tafadzwa,

I am *Mr. Shivjeet, and I serve as the Admission Officer at Edoofa.* I wanted to extend my heartfelt wishes to you and your family for a prosperous and fulfilling 2024. 

I firmly believe that with the commencement of this new year, comes the promise of fresh beginnings, guiding the way for the actualization of one's deepest dreams and aspirations. As we stand on the threshold of this promising year, I am filled with excitement for the adventures it holds.
6/1/24, 1:28 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: In the same spirit, I would like to share that I am embarking on a journey as I prepare myself to pursue my doctorate and take a step forward in my academic pursuits. This transition marks a significant chapter in my life as I will be bidding farewell to the cherished moments at the Admissions Team in Edoofa.

Over the past year, having the privilege of supporting numerous students, including you, in your pursuit of higher education has been truly rewarding. Witnessing our students thrive and excel in their dream universities and colleges has brought immense satisfaction.
6/1/24, 1:28 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: The decision to transition to a new phase in my life presents an incredible opportunity for me to continue contributing to the lives of students, ensuring their academic journey and overall experience remain enriched and fulfilling.

As I embark on this new journey, I want to assure you that I have entrusted your application file to capable hands. From this point forward, your admission journey will be seamlessly guided by one of our accomplished admission officers, *Ms. Siddhi,* who will connect with you on Tuesday.  I hope you will make yourself available for further procedures and will give your best to your career.
6/1/24, 1:28 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: I extend my heartfelt wishes for your continued success and a bright future filled with educational accomplishments. Wish you all the best, and God Bless.

Regards,
Mr. Shiveet
Edoofa Admission Team.
6/1/24, 3:23 PM - +263 71 800 7202: I perceive you haven't seen this message sir
8/1/24, 1:58 PM - Milan Edoofa: Good Afternoon Parents and Tafadzwa,

I am *Ms. Siddhi Singh, Admission Officer at Edoofa* and I am honoured to assume the responsibilities previously held by Mr. Shivjeet. I will be guiding you toward realising your dream education with Edoofa. I am confident that together, we can ensure a promising start to your educational journey, leading to the right employment opportunities and ultimately, success for you and your family.
8/1/24, 1:58 PM - Milan Edoofa: In the past few days, I had an in-depth discussion with Mr. Shivjeet and had the opportunity to review your scholarship application file in our records. Through this process, I gained valuable insights into your dreams and aspirations to advance your academic career. Upon reviewing your application file, I was both impressed and reassured to assist you in achieving these goals here in India, which will unlock doors to incredible opportunities in the future.
8/1/24, 1:58 PM - Milan Edoofa: Before we get into the specifics of your admission journey and talk about your admission process, I would like to share an exciting milestone that India as a country achieved within the first week of 2024 – the successful *India's Chandrayaan-3 Engine Test.* This accomplishment is responsible for the third lunar mission, aiming to land a rover on the Moon's south polar region and conduct scientific studies that could check Moon's viability to sustain life. It signifies a significant scientific advancement, laying the groundwork for future progress.
8/1/24, 1:58 PM - Milan Edoofa: This achievement has not only pushed boundaries but also has inspired young minds all over the world to pursue their dreams. On the same note, I wanted to extend my heartiest wishes for the New Year to you and your family and check in to see how you and your family started your year?
