21/12/23, 12:46 PM - Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one outside of this chat, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them. Tap to learn more.
19/4/23, 1:57 PM - ~ Austin created group "Noxolo 2K23APR0352"
21/12/23, 12:46 PM - You joined using this group's invite link
4/1/24, 4:53 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: Good Afternoon dear parents and Noxolo!

I hope you are doing well and blessed. Over the past couple of weeks I was waiting for a response from your end in an intention to start your admission process. Hence I would like to let you know if you are currently available now to further proceed with the session for the admission process?
5/1/24, 6:09 AM - +263 77 903 7390: Good morning everyone I am available for the session
6/1/24, 1:33 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: Good Afternoon, Parents of Noxolo,

I am *Mr. Shivjeet, and I serve as the Admission Officer at Edoofa.* I wanted to extend my heartfelt wishes to you and your family for a prosperous and fulfilling 2024. 

I firmly believe that with the commencement of this new year, comes the promise of fresh beginnings, guiding the way for the actualization of one's deepest dreams and aspirations. As we stand on the threshold of this promising year, I am filled with excitement for the adventures it holds.
6/1/24, 1:33 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: The decision to transition to a new phase in my life presents an incredible opportunity for me to continue contributing to the lives of students, ensuring their academic journey and overall experience remain enriched and fulfilling.

As I embark on this new journey, I want to assure you that I have entrusted your application file to capable hands. From this point forward, your admission journey will be seamlessly guided by one of our accomplished admission officers, *Ms. Siddhi,* who will connect with you on Tuesday.  I hope you will make yourself available for further procedures and will give your best to your career.
6/1/24, 1:33 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: I extend my heartfelt wishes for your continued success and a bright future filled with educational accomplishments. Wish you all the best, and God Bless.

Regards,
Mr. Shiveet
Edoofa Admission Team.
7/1/24, 11:19 AM - +263 77 903 7390: Good Afternoon Mr Shiveet ,how are you doing ? Wishing you many more yrs to come ,I am very proud of being an edoofian thank you for every word from you I am so excited to hear those sweat words from you ,and I am waiting for the next step.
8/1/24, 2:03 PM - Milan Edoofa: Good Afternoon Parents and Noxolo,

I am *Ms. Siddhi Singh, Admission Officer at Edoofa* and I am honoured to assume the responsibilities previously held by Mr. Shivjeet. I will be guiding you toward realising your dream education with Edoofa. I am confident that together, we can ensure a promising start to your educational journey, leading to the right employment opportunities and ultimately, success for you and your family.
8/1/24, 2:03 PM - Milan Edoofa: In the past few days, I had an in-depth discussion with Mr. Shivjeet and had the opportunity to review your scholarship application file in our records. Through this process, I gained valuable insights into your dreams and aspirations to advance your academic career. Upon reviewing your application file, I was both impressed and reassured to assist you in achieving these goals here in India, which will unlock doors to incredible opportunities in the future.
8/1/24, 2:03 PM - Milan Edoofa: Before we get into the specifics of your admission journey and talk about your admission process, I would like to share an exciting milestone that India as a country achieved within the first week of 2024 – the successful *India's Chandrayaan-3 Engine Test.* This accomplishment is responsible for the third lunar mission, aiming to land a rover on the Moon's south polar region and conduct scientific studies that could check Moon's viability to sustain life. It signifies a significant scientific advancement, laying the groundwork for future progress.
8/1/24, 2:03 PM - Milan Edoofa: This achievement has not only pushed boundaries but also has inspired young minds all over the world to pursue their dreams. On the same note, I wanted to extend my heartiest wishes for the New Year to you and your family and check in to see how you and your family started your year?
