14/12/23, 4:37 am - Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one outside of this chat, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them. Tap to learn more.
16/12/23, 6:08 pm - Saloni Edoofa: *SATURDAY ACTIVITY*

Get ready for an exciting Saturday activity this week! Inspired by timeless tales of honesty and hard work, we're inviting you to unleash the writer within you✍🏽. Share your creativity by crafting original stories that echo the virtues of integrity and diligence. Whether it's a modern twist on a classic theme or an entirely new narrative, let your imagination soar🤔

Submit your stories via our WhatsApp group, and let's celebrate the power of storytelling together. Your unique perspectives and creativity will not only enrich our collective experience but also inspire others. This is an opportunity to showcase your literary talents and contribute to our vibrant community🎭. We look forward to reading your stories and exploring the diverse narratives that make our community so special.

Best regards,
Ms. Saloni
19/12/23, 3:23 pm - Saloni Edoofa: Greetings of the day,
Hope you are enjoying your first winter season in India! 🥶

I've received messages from you and other Edoofians at the University, expressing their focus on exam preparations. Considering your likely Christmas celebrations and festive engagements, the team and I thought it would be best to _relieve you from sessions until the end of December_. We plan to *resume our first session of the new year in the first week of January*. 😌
19/12/23, 3:23 pm - Saloni Edoofa: *Every week, I will connect with you for quick updates for 5-10 minutes*. Along with this, *you can share concerns with me Monday to Friday from 06:00-08:00 PM IST if needed🫶🏻*. I'll still be accepting student application forms and African school forms. If you _wish to schedule a one-on-one call for project-related doubts during this time, I'm more than happy to accommodate🫱🏻‍🫲🏼._ I hope you won't waste this time and stay focused on projects. I would appreciate it if you dedicate some time and show productivity during that period.

Best wishes, and enjoy the festive season!
