29/12/23, 9:25 AM - Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one outside of this chat, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them. Tap to learn more.
16/4/23, 9:31 AM - ~ Head of Counseling Piiyush Nanda created group "Abercy 2K23APR1707"
29/12/23, 9:25 AM - ~ Harmehak added you
5/1/24, 4:33 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: Good Afternoon dear parents and Abercy.

I hope you are doing well today.
5/1/24, 4:33 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: I had been anticipating a response from you, but it seems my previous messages may have gone unnoticed for quite some time now. I can also see that you have seen my messages. This has raised some concerns on my part, which is affecting your scholarship application. As we have already mentioned before, we will be proceeding with your admission process after *August 2023*. It has already been 5 months now.

I understand that there might be challenges regarding this. Hence, if you're ready now, please let me know so that we can proceed with the session, or let me know if you are facing any challenges so that we can discuss this better.
6/1/24, 9:06 AM - +263 78 166 7502: Good day to you the only challenge we come across is a financial one and load shedding but we had suggested if there be anything important you should send and we get to it anytime we get online or rather the opportunity to
6/1/24, 1:43 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: Good Afternoon, Parents of Abercy,

I am *Mr. Shivjeet, and I serve as the Admission Officer at Edoofa.* I wanted to extend my heartfelt wishes to you and your family for a prosperous and fulfilling 2024. 

I firmly believe that with the commencement of this new year, comes the promise of fresh beginnings, guiding the way for the actualization of one's deepest dreams and aspirations. As we stand on the threshold of this promising year, I am filled with excitement for the adventures it holds.
6/1/24, 1:43 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: The decision to transition to a new phase in my life presents an incredible opportunity for me to continue contributing to the lives of students, ensuring their academic journey and overall experience remain enriched and fulfilling.

As I embark on this new journey, I want to assure you that I have entrusted your application file to capable hands. From this point forward, your admission journey will be seamlessly guided by one of our accomplished admission officers, *Ms. Siddhi,* who will connect with you on Tuesday.  I hope you will make yourself available for further procedures and will give your best to your career.
6/1/24, 1:43 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: This message was deleted
6/1/24, 1:43 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: The decision to transition to a new phase in my life presents an incredible opportunity for me to continue contributing to the lives of students, ensuring their academic journey and overall experience remain enriched and fulfilling.

As I embark on this new journey, I want to assure you that I have entrusted your application file to capable hands. From this point forward, your admission journey will be seamlessly guided by one of our accomplished admission officers, *Ms. Siddhi,* who will connect with you on Tuesday.  I hope you will make yourself available for further procedures and will give your best to your career.
6/1/24, 1:43 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: I extend my heartfelt wishes for your continued success and a bright future filled with educational accomplishments. Wish you all the best, and God Bless.

Regards,
Mr. Shiveet
Edoofa Admission Team.
