21/12/23, 12:50 PM - Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one outside of this chat, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them. Tap to learn more.
15/9/22, 8:21 AM - Sahil Edoofa created group "Nathaniel 2K22SEP0819"
21/12/23, 12:49 PM - You joined using this group's invite link
6/1/24, 1:14 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: Good Afternoon, Parents of Nathaniel,

I am *Mr. Shivjeet, and I serve as the Admission Officer at Edoofa.* I wanted to extend my heartfelt wishes to you and your family for a prosperous and fulfilling 2024. 

I firmly believe that with the commencement of this new year, comes the promise of fresh beginnings, guiding the way for the actualization of one's deepest dreams and aspirations. As we stand on the threshold of this promising year, I am filled with excitement for the adventures it holds.
6/1/24, 1:14 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: In the same spirit, I would like to share that I am embarking on a journey as I prepare myself to pursue my doctorate and take a step forward in my academic pursuits. This transition marks a significant chapter in my life as I will be bidding farewell to the cherished moments at the Admissions Team in Edoofa.

Over the past year, having the privilege of supporting numerous students, including you, in your pursuit of higher education has been truly rewarding. Witnessing our students thrive and excel in their dream universities and colleges has brought immense satisfaction.
6/1/24, 1:14 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: The decision to transition to a new phase in my life presents an incredible opportunity for me to continue contributing to the lives of students, ensuring their academic journey and overall experience remain enriched and fulfilling.

As I embark on this new journey, I want to assure you that I have entrusted your application file to capable hands. From this point forward, your admission journey will be seamlessly guided by one of our accomplished admission officers, *Ms. Siddhi,* who will connect with you on Tuesday.  I hope you will make yourself available for further procedures and will give your best to your career.
6/1/24, 1:14 PM - Shivjeet Edoofa: I extend my heartfelt wishes for your continued success and a bright future filled with educational accomplishments. Wish you all the best, and God Bless.

Regards,
Mr. Shiveet
Edoofa Admission Team.
8/1/24, 2:19 PM - Sidhi Edoofa: Good Afternoon Parents and Nathaniel,

I am *Ms. Siddhi Singh, Admission Officer at Edoofa* and I am honoured to assume the responsibilities previously held by Mr. Shivjeet. I will be guiding you toward realising your dream education with Edoofa. I am confident that together, we can ensure a promising start to your educational journey, leading to the right employment opportunities and ultimately, success for you and your family.
8/1/24, 2:19 PM - Sidhi Edoofa: In the past few days, I had an in-depth discussion with Mr. Shivjeet and had the opportunity to review your scholarship application file in our records. Through this process, I gained valuable insights into your dreams and aspirations to advance your academic career. Upon reviewing your application file, I was both impressed and reassured to assist you in achieving these goals here in India, which will unlock doors to incredible opportunities in the future.
8/1/24, 2:19 PM - Sidhi Edoofa: Before we get into the specifics of your admission journey and talk about your admission process, I would like to share an exciting milestone that India as a country achieved within the first week of 2024 – the successful *India's Chandrayaan-3 Engine Test.* This accomplishment is responsible for the third lunar mission, aiming to land a rover on the Moon's south polar region and conduct scientific studies that could check Moon's viability to sustain life. It signifies a significant scientific advancement, laying the groundwork for future progress.
8/1/24, 2:19 PM - Sidhi Edoofa: This achievement has not only pushed boundaries but also has inspired young minds all over the world to pursue their dreams. On the same note, I wanted to extend my heartiest wishes for the New Year to you and your family and check in to see how you and your family started your year?
8/1/24, 10:21 PM - +263 77 392 9617: It has been great, thank you
9/1/24, 8:40 AM - Sidhi Edoofa: That is so good to hear, dear.

A new year brings forth a multitude of possibilities and fresh opportunities for growth and self-discovery. Though the new year itself may not bring immediate transformation, it marks a symbolic turning point, a chance to reflect and set new goals for ourselves. This year, I have decided to practise more compassion, learn at least one new skill, and assist students who were unable to proceed further with their admission process in 2023, guiding them to build their envisioned future.

May I ask what changes or additions you have decided to make in the year 2024?
16/1/24, 7:54 PM - Sidhi Edoofa: Good Evening Parents and Nathaniel,

I trust this message finds you well, and I hope you are in high spirits. I was hoping to get a response from your end following my previous messages. However, in recent days, our team has been actively engaging with students who aspire to join the university for the academic intake of August 2024. It has been truly heartening to witness the joy and enthusiasm expressed by some students upon receiving their A-Level results.

As I reflect on my school days, the memories of result days come rushing back - the blend of excitement and anticipation that surrounds such an important moment. It is a significant juncture that shapes the path course for one's academic journey.
16/1/24, 7:54 PM - Sidhi Edoofa: We understand that you, too, must be experiencing a similar mix of emotions as you would have checked your A-Level results by now and would be wondering about the steps you are supposed to undertake for your university admission and your higher education. 

For us to guide you through, could you please share your A-Level results so that we can add them to your scholarship application, discuss them with the academic board, and guide you the way further?
16/1/24, 9:14 PM - +263 77 392 9617: <Media omitted>
17/1/24, 9:30 PM - Sidhi Edoofa: Good Evening Parents and Nathaniel.

Thank you for sharing your results with us. I noticed that your A-level results didn't turn out as we had hoped, particularly with the challenge in one subject. However, I want to take a moment to remind you that this result is not a reflection of your abilities or potential. It's simply a hurdle on your academic journey, one that you are more than capable of overcoming.
17/1/24, 9:31 PM - Sidhi Edoofa: It's important to remember that everyone faces setbacks at some point. What matters most is how we respond to them. This is an opportunity for growth and learning. Reflect on the experience, identify areas for improvement, and use this as a stepping stone towards future successes.
17/1/24, 9:31 PM - Sidhi Edoofa: Rest assured, that you have Edoofa’s full support in navigating this phase. Whether it's discussing options for retaking the exam, exploring alternative career paths, or just needing someone to guide you, we are here for you. 

I have taken note of your results and I will add them to your scholarship application. This will enable us to engage in discussions with the academic board and chart the best course of action for your next steps.
17/1/24, 9:31 PM - Sidhi Edoofa: Kindly allow us some time to thoroughly evaluate your results and plan the way forward. Once we have re-evaluated your application, along with all the other applications, we will reconnect with you to discuss the next steps in your academic journey.
18/1/24, 2:24 PM - +263 77 392 9617: Thank you
22/1/24, 12:43 PM - Sahil Edoofa: Good Day Nathaniel, 
*I am Mr Sahil, Senior Career Counsellor at Edoofa*

If you remember well, I hosted the counselling and evaluation sessions for you through the Edoofa Scholarship Program from which you have made me proud by qualifying for the program.
22/1/24, 12:44 PM - Sahil Edoofa: <Media omitted>
22/1/24, 12:44 PM - Sahil Edoofa: <Media omitted>
22/1/24, 12:44 PM - Sahil Edoofa: Recalling our counseling and evaluation sessions, I take pride in your qualification for our esteemed Edoofa Scholarship Program. Recently, the A-level results from all my students have brought immense joy. Your name, in particular, caught my attention, and I was going through your Admissions Group and was shocked to see that you weren't able to complete the University registration process being a bright student and I still remember your passion for career and goals, making you one of my favourite students.  I personally had a discussion with the Admissions Head and have decided to help you in the best possible way as I understand your calibre.  May I know, what exactly happened due to which you weren't able to proceed and what are your plans as of now?
23/1/24, 9:30 PM - Sahil Edoofa: let's schedule our discussion for tomorrow at 9 AM CAT. If you face challenges or need a different time, let me know in this group. Success often comes from open communication about concerns.
