16/12/23, 4:33 am - Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one outside of this chat, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them. Tap to learn more.
16/12/23, 1:24 pm - Ananya Edoofa: *_Happy Saturday, Young minds!_*

Get ready for an exciting Saturday activity this week! Inspired by timeless tales of honesty and hard work, we're inviting you to unleash the writer within you. Share your creativity by crafting original stories that echo the virtues of integrity and diligence. Whether it's a modern twist on a classic theme or an entirely new narrative, let your imagination soar.

Submit your stories via our WhatsApp group, and let's celebrate the power of storytelling together. Your unique perspectives and creativity will not only enrich our collective experience but also inspire others. This is an opportunity to showcase your literary talents and contribute to our vibrant community. We look forward to reading your stories and exploring the diverse narratives that make our community so special.

Best regards,
Ms. Ananya
16/12/23, 7:32 pm - +91 77175 56230: Noted ma'am
19/12/23, 3:45 pm - Ananya Edoofa: *_Happy Holiday: The Christmas bells are around the corner, and let me be your Santa!_*

Guess what? Our team completely understands the holiday excitement mixed with exam stress bubbling inside you. Forget about waiting for Santa – I've got some thrilling news to share!🎄🎁

A serving of holiday cheer is here, as we have decided to disperse your sessions for the next two weeks! During this period, if you ever feel like connecting with me or if I have any updates to share with you, we can connect between 6:00 pm to 8:00 pm. So, make sure to spare a few minutes to acknowledge.🧑🏽‍🎄

We will resume our sessions in the first week of January. During this break, I encourage you to focus on your studies, enjoy the celebrations, and approach the exams with confidence. All the best and have fun! 🏆✨
19/12/23, 3:49 pm - +91 77175 56230: Thank you so much ma'am ...
Happy Holiday to you too ✨
21/12/23, 3:04 pm - Ananya Edoofa: *_Tick- tock, Tick- tock: What are your plans for the new year, Emelia?✨_*

Well, 2023 must have been a roller coaster for you, hasn't it? After all, you came to India, leaving your parents, and began an incredible new journey here with us. The cherry on the cake was that you even won the grant challenge!🏆

Moreover, see how diligently your parents have supported you, and now you've come this far. Now is the time to give them what they truly deserve. So, this new year, provide them with a sense of financial relief, as you still have a chance to earn way more than what you have got. Go on and work hard to earn more scholarship credits. What do you think? What are your plans now?🕕
